c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\Bin\Debug\PhoneApp1_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\CharSelect.g.cs
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.g.resources
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.dll
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\PhoneApp1.pdb
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\MatchSelect.g.cs
c:\users\t-iscook\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\PhoneApp1\PhoneApp1\obj\Debug\CountSelect.g.cs
